---
title:  "I'm Excited to Announce I Hate LinkedIn Job Announcements"
categories:
  - Writing
tags:
  - Career
---

### This is an opinionated post.

It was when I was on my way to take a Haegeum class, just like any other Thursday afternoons. I was scrolling through my LinkedIn feed and saw a post. Someone was excited to announce they got selected for a scholar program as one of the few people out of an exact number of all applicants. I was surprised to see they explicitly pointed out the precise numbers of the total applicants and those who got in. If you subtract the number of accepted people from that of total applicants, you could calculate the rejected people. I was like, what?

If you have used LinkedIn just for a few weeks, you must have seen at least one "happy to announce" post. "Happy to announce that I've accepted a job offer," "Happy to announce that I got into some program," "Happy to announce that I got selected for some scholarship," etc. It will be a lie if I say I haven't got weirded out by people publicly announcing their career milestones. But soon after I started connecting with people on the platform, I realized it's just a part of the LinkedIn culture. People either notify their connections of new job updates or make a separate job announcement post, which always starts with "I'm happy/excited/elated/ecstatic/delighted (or any other positive adjective) to announce/share that..." And then the posters tag the recruiters and people who helped along the way, probably with some hashtags that show their pride of getting into famous tech companies, such as "#amazonian," "#microsoft," "#google," "#success," and #noogler."

How have you felt when you were reading such posts? What did it make you feel? Did you just "wow" and shrug it off? For me, I honestly cannot just do that. Am I jealous? Yeah, maybe. I'm not just jealous; I'm *freaking* jealous. But I'm also *happy about their success*. If then, what's the problem with job announcement posts? Just my jealousy? I wish that was the only problem I had with them. The main problem I see here is that **such job posts can potentially discourage people, even including those you don't know**.

A few months ago, I was just one of the typical college students desperately searching for an internship. I wouldn't care if I get an unpaid internship. As long as it's completely remote and related to my major, that would be satisfactory. That'd be something I can put on my resume and LinkedIn profile. I was very hesitant to major in Computer Science after taking Introduction to Computer Science. The intro class was extremely difficult for me. Although I enjoyed it to some extent, it was difficult and gave me headaches. Then, I took Data Structures in the sophomore fall semester, right after transferring to my current college. Since I did not even do well in the intro class, I struggled a lot more in the class. But I liked it. I loved how supportive the instructors were, how thought-provoking each material was, and how challenging the assignments were. It was when I knew I would want to take Computer Science seriously.

But as you know, the tech recruiting season starts early. It begins in summer. For example, it's currently April 2021. But if you want to get an internship for summer 2022, you need to start applying this summer. I didn't know well about this; it was already November when I was almost done with the Data Structures class. I didn't even realize that I'd have to actively apply for various positions instead of sending out a few applications as I did in my first year. I had weekly meetings with the school's career center, and they told me all of this, which made me do a reality check.

Realizing that I was already late to the game, I was desperate. I started applying to whatever I saw on whatever job platforms I knew, including LinkedIn, AngelList, Built In Chicago, Built In NYC, Glassdoor, Indeed, Google job pages, and Handshake. I have even applied 20+ positions within one day. Being an international student who doesn't even have a lot of experience, I only kept getting rejected from whatever job I applied for.

Then I spent hours on LinkedIn every day. Applying, applying, and applying, asking for coffee chats or even referrals, expanding my network, and reading career advice posts. During the process, I always came across the internship acceptance speeches of other college sophomores or even first-year students. They were so hyped to have got offers from FAANG companies and the likes. How do you think I felt seeing all the posts? I was helplessly searching for internships waiting for only one company to accept me, yet other people were flexing their offers. I wasn't even getting offers from no-name startups, but they were getting into big tech companies. Let's be honest; if you're a Computer Science student, you once have dreamed of working at FAANG or something.

**Rejection is redirection.**

Yeah, I know. But knowing something is different from feeling it with my heart. I have been rejected from my dream high school. I know what it feels like not to get selected for something I dreamed of. Back then, it was the one rejection that came to me heartbreaking. However, this time, it was not some particular rejections that made me disheartened. It was the accumulation of all the rejections I have got so far. You never know how many unread rejection emails I still have on my email inbox. (Edit: I just marked them "read" without even actually having opened them.)

I'm not here to belittle someone's achievements or pour out raw criticism against anyone who has made such posts. All I want to say is that I want you to take into account that anyone on Earth can see your post, even the people who have been rejected from the opportunity you got. Sure, it's good that you have succeeded. Congratulations! That's huge. But I think it's not very necessary to go out of your way to mention things like the number of people who got rejected. Be excited, but please be respectful of people who weren't able to get the same opportunity. Please consider that it's not just your family, relatives, friends, and people you know in person who see your post. On LinkedIn, we're all opportunity seekers, if not job seekers.